otelzap: set error field as record.SetErr (#8719)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-go-contrib: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

### Added

> - Emit zap error fields using OpenTelemetry exception semantic conventions by default in `go.opentelemetry.io/contrib/bridges/otelzap`. (#8719)

Reviewer: Can you move this to **Changed** and modify the entry to something similar to

> - Set error field as `record.SetErr` instead of a plain attribute in `go.opentelemetry.io/contrib/bridges/otellogrus`. (#8776)

E.g.

```suggestion
- Set the "error" field (e.g. created via `zap.Error`) as `record.SetErr` instead of a plain attribute in `go.opentelemetry.io/contrib/bridges/otelzap`. (#8719)
```

Author: Oh, sure
